This is code to build movebooks for abstract games of two players. So far 
we've established that Kalah played on a board with six pits per players 
starting with 2 or 3 beads in each pit is a first-player win. Standard is 
four.

The game is switched by changing the implementation of the Board package. 
As it is set up, only games whose state can be encoded in 64 bits can be
run. (Actually, I believe the limit is 63 bits; there are a few parts of
the code that treat the difference between signed Long_Integer and 
unsigned Compressed_Board carelessly, but they can and should be fixed.)
Currently only Tic-Tac-Toe and Kalah are implemented. Kalah is treated
as a template, so the size of the board and the number of beads in each
pit can be varied, and the rules changed to a misère format.

The 64 bit limitation is pretty severe; a 5x5 chess game might fit in
the format, provided you simplified the details enough. Hex will only 
fit up to 6x6 boards. I'm not sure it matters, though; after analyzing 
over fourteen billion Kalah boards, which justified the need for many of 
the optimizations added, it doesn't feel that I've made a substantial 
dent in the solution. A game that can't be compressed to 64 bits is 
probably not a game that is solvable.

The compressed board for Kalah has the advantage that each move produces
a board with a higher number than the last. (Any move that scores points
produces a higher board number, and otherwise pieces move to the left,
which increases the board number.) This is trivial for games that
progressively add pieces to the board, like Tic-Tac-Toe and Hex. On the
other hand, this is obviously impossible for games that can loop state,
and this code probably won't work with them.

Naively, if there is a square grid where each player can place a marker,
thus three states per location, up to a 6x6 board can be supported in 64
bits. If players can place two different types of markers, the largest
available square board would be a 5x5 board. If there is a 8x8 board, up 
to ten pieces can be tracked in 64 bits. With work and exploiting the 
rules about placing pieces, larger boards might work. The system could
be expanded to 128 bits, but I don't believe there's many cases where
an expansion would be necessary for a solvable game.

Future work:
* Hex support
* Producing a minimal playbook to win from the start for 1st player wins.   
* Better visualization of results in general
